♪ Inside ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Paki.
Zero-two-zero?
Oh. child... Okay. good. thank you.
I hear that. I really do.
It's just really not a good day to meet
because Eid.
So I've gotta stick with family.
Okay. Well. you could've stuck
with the family yesterday.
but now you gotta deal
with the shitstorm you created.
Is it really that bad?
A lot of people seemed to like
the whole action man routine.
I reckon it'll help them
visualise me as Bond.
Okay. Well. there is a lot of chatter.
Some people think you're a tough guy.
other people think you're insane.
- This could cost you the role.
- Oh. fuck!
Shaju. We've been
waiting outside so long. what's--
Mummy. have you met Felicia?
- Mrs Latif!
- Oh. is this your agent?
Remember I said wait in the car
and I'm gonna get the sweets?
It's fine. don't worry
You're taking long.
Give me the ticket. cuz. Felicia.
Zulfikar. What's going on?
Same as you. just babysitting Bond. Sorry.
- That horny aunty's waiting for you.
- You're a disgrace.
Felicia. you're going to get him
the job. Yes?
If it kills me.
My Shaju's perfect for the job.
I'll tell you why.
- Okay.
- When he was a little boy. he used to say.
"Mumma. I want a license to kill."
- Remember. Shaju?
- Oh. how specific.
- I don't remember that.
- Ah.
Oh. look. He's got the mithai.
I'll just be a minute. okay?
- Bye-bye. Felicia. Okay.
- Bye. Mrs Latif.
You never told me
your agent was a Black lady.
- Sorry.
- Mm.
- You are a Black lady.
- I know.
- What the fuck is this?
- You tell me.
Ya know. I can't get into this right now.
Okay. listen. None of this...
None of this matters. okay?
No one reads the fucking news.
However. this is a big problem.
The person you assaulted?
You broke his arm.
and now he wants an apology.
Sid said he was going for
the giant Buddha's head.
but now he's coming for you.
with 200.000 followers and counting.
Young and brown. your core fan base.
Assaulted?
This man ran at me
with a metal object. Felicia.
It was a can of spray paint. Shah.
Yeah. In hindsight.
I mean. the worst
he could've done was tag you.
Okay. fine. just give him his apology.
- Okay. good.
- All right. So how you gonna do it?
Oh. no. you have to apologise.
On a video. by end of day.
or he's pressing charges.
Listen. It's Eid.
so I gotta stick with the family.
My mum usually hosts.
but I fucked that up this time.
that's on me.
So I can't be dealing with this.
I have to be with the fam today.
I have to make it right.
This is about your career. Shah.
Your credibility in your community
for the people that you say
you're doing all of this for.
- Has he got more followers than me?
- Shah!
Shah Latif. here.
Eid Mubarak to everyone celebrating.
I want to address the incident
at the King's Museum last night.
You might've heard about it or seen it.
Well. I lived it.
And I want you to know that
in that moment. I wasn't thinking at all.
I was acting out of sheer instinct.
Community is the most important thing
in the world to me
and I would never take it for granted.
And there's nothing more painful to me
than to know that I might've hurt
a member of my own community.
And to know that I might've betrayed
your trust in some way hurts me deeply.
- You good. yeah?
- Yeah. I'm good. You?
Yeah.
So you've come to visit us
lowly villagers?
I'm nothing
without your prayers.
Oxford-educated.
But no sense.
Why did you attack that young man?
Don't listen to him.
Come. let's take a selfie.
And I want you to know
that I'm going to do
everything in my power
to make up for it and to make it right.
- Should've worn black.
- Hm?
It would go better
with the Animal Bitch's gold palace.
Mm?
Eid is my day.
It belongs to all Muslims. Mummy.
It's mine and she took it.
You know one thing she doesn't have?
What?
Her son.
Salim. The little golden boy.
Mr Dubai Bigshot.
Always trying to compete with you.
Probably getting
a Russian prostitute pregnant this second.
Don't talk filthy.
Tell me more...
She doesn't have her main attraction.
You and me can be the stars of the show.
If we just... [clicks tongue] Come on.
You worried about
what naughty Naila thinks?
- Naked Naila!
Oh. my God.
Naked Naila!
And she always shows skin
'cause she got no style.
Look. where is she?
She's probably too busy
checking herself out in the mirror
- to come host at her own party.
- Eid Mubarak!
So happy you could come!
Eid Mubarak!
Samina!
- Eid Mubarak!
So happy you could come.
We decided to co-host this year.
This time you've really
done wonders. Tahira!
You know how Naila is...
She can't handle it on her own.
All these decorations
are from Shah's penthouse.
Qur'an says
charity's a blessing.
The food is in the garden.
Please eat!
- Eid Mubarak.
What the fuck?
- Don't leave my side.
- Okay.
Don't leave my side.
- Eid Mubarak.
- Thank you for coming.
Hello. ladies. Eid Mubarak.
- Eid Mubarak.
- Ah.
Brother Parvez. sit.
- In Saeed's seat?
- Uh-huh.
Now he has passed. you're the eldest.
No. thank you. I am fine standing.
- Baba. got you your favourite.
- Oh!
Don't tell Mummy. yeah?
Is that how you're going to kill as Bond?
By raising the blood sugar?
Yeah. I'll mention that to the writers.
I'd make a better Bond!
Maybe. Yeah. maybe.
- Why don't you do a Pakistani film?
- Something with Mahira Khan in it.
No. No.
This fanny speaks Urdu like a white boy.
Shah!
Good first try. good first try.
But I'm gonna need you
to do another apology video.
First. you forgot to say the words.
"I'm sorry."
which is kind of key to the whole thing.
He's buff. nah?
- Q says he's gone mental.
- Yeah. it's fucking hot.
All right. sorry.
can you man focus. please?
This is the latest.
Fuck. This guy likes you!
Hmm...
Also. the whole Aladdin outfit
and the Bollywood sweet shop.
You said "community". like. ten times.
It feels like you're begging it.
Maybe down the brown?
I don't get it. What is the problem?
- Man likes you!
- Oh. shut up. man! I'm 22. mate.
I'm not really trying to get wifed up.
Get it to me sooner
rather than later.
This is not going away.
Hi. everyone. Shah Latif. here.
Now. last night at the King's Museum.
a brother and I came into conflict.
Now. I should not have reacted
the way that I did.
And the brother in question
perhaps should not have run at me
with a metal object. the way that he did.
"Muba is a community-led--"
It's not fucking community-led.
The fact is.
we're all in this together.
And in the future.
I promise to use my platform
not to lash out. but to reach out.
- Bro?
- "Muba is for--"
You want some chai or something?
- No. "Muba--"
- Bro. we good?
I'm good. Are you good?
- Yeah. I'm good. bro. Are we good?
- I'm good. Are you good?
- Yeah. I'm good.
- Oh. good then.
- "Muba not Uber--"
- What you doing?
Trying to focus. man.
and you are distracting me.
- All right.
- Yes.
You know. they've got them
little ladoos over there
with the pink and green balls.
You want 'em?
Big man. please.
I don't want ladoos right now. okay?
I just wanna concentrate.
Aren't you supposed
to be holding Ammi's hand?
Oh. yeah. Shit. In a bit. yeah?
Don't bring me no ladoos.
"Muba for the..."
Hey.
- Assalamu-Alaikum.
- You okay?
- Where have you been?
I've just been checking on Baba and Zulfi.
Bastard. you promised
you're not going to leave me!
So. if I just die standing here
all alone--
Please. Please don't do this now.
- You left me.
- And I'm sorry.
- Salim!
- I'll make it up to you--
My Salim is coming!
Salim! My child!
Salim!
Ah.
Ah. beta!
Look. Mr Dubai.
- I can't believe you're here.
- Look at him. The dancing monkey.
Doing his mother's dirty bidding.
Making Russian prostitutes pregnant.
- Look!
- No. he's not. Mummy.
That was a joke that I just made.
Come on. my guy! Eid Mubarak!
Oh. look at that fresh prey. Zulfi.
Weakest of us all.
- You good?
- Yeah. I'm good. man.
Don't leave. Shaju. She's coming.
Don't leave.
Shah beta. can I borrow your mummy
for a minute?
I need my co-host in the kitchen.
- Okay. we were just gonna--
- Okay. okay.
- No. no. let's go. let's go. let's go...
- Yeah? All right.
I need your help
with dessert.
Our KPI is the most
interesting thing about this. Okay?
It's the retention of the customer base
after that discount period. you know?
It's off the charts.
People want more community-driven
rideshare options.
Yes. Salim! Yes!
- What you saying. bro?
- Yes!
- You good?
- Look at this guy.
- Yeah! Come join us.
- Yeah. I was gonna do that anyway.
- We're busy.
Here. I got you some ladoos. bro.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
Sorry. I never got you none but...
- How you been?
- I've been good. bro.
Yeah? You been. breaking shit.
What do you mean by that?
- Glass ceilings.
- Thank you.
- Trying. man.
- Glass ceilings.
And that guy's arm.
It's just a fracture.
Hey. just to bring us back to what
we were talking about before you got here.
- Yeah.
- Um. you know.
our number of drivers
are growing by the day.
We'll be in all key five boroughs
by June. so.
Muba! Sick idea. innit?
I've been there from day one. I remember.
Bro. I'm so proud of this guy. So proud--
And you know what's amazing.
he's always been an entrepreneur.
If anything. you just went from
selling grams to Instagram.
Just out of interest. what's...
What's your credit situation
with the criminal record and everything?
No... No problems whatsoever. No issues.
And just for clarity. erm.
I didn't go inside for selling maal--
It's just a bit of violent disorder.
- It was self-defence.
- It was my fault in a way.
He's a ride-or-die
and he was there for me.
Any credit issues. though?
No credit issues. because I'm going all in
with everything that I've got.
Right? So if you need any credit.
you need financing just talk to me.
Sorry. I was under the impression
we were coming in seed round
rather than sort of series A.
You see this conversation here.
This is in fact the closest
he's been to the business.
- Right!
- Okay.
And in fact. I'll be honest with you.
It's too close.
Okay. Well. give me back my dildos then.
Er. you know. for me. personally.
the most important quality about Muba
is in fact the quality
of the relationships.
We're not just there for them
when we want.
Because that's bullshit.
That's fake.
- Get the fuck off me. bro.
- I don't know him.
And anyway. I've always had a passion
for customer service.
- That's my thing.
- That's one thing I picked up in Dubai.
That's what we do best. Hospitality.
That's our culture.
One might say.
the Muslim way of doing business.
I love the idea.
Gonna present it to the guys.
see what they say--
What. you taking this...
You trying to get investment from Dubai?
Yeah. okay. Yeah.
- You been?
- No.
No. I'm just saying. you know.
Dubai works for people with. you know...
Well. like... With the...
But. I mean. what the fuck's
this guy gonna do in Dubai. man?
Ain't gonna let you in.
You don't wanna go there. man.
I'm all in. yeah? Remember that.
It was disrespectful.
he referred to your quiff like that.
There was no need. It looks good.
Shah! Got your second apology.
Yeah. that's not gonna work.
First of all.
what was up with that background?
If you post that.
you'll have to issue a second apology
for being a rich arsehole.
Also. you forgot to say sorry again.
First class preparation.
Naila.
Mm-hmm.
Been learning from you for years.
Next year.
Eid is back at yours. na?
Oh. absolutely. yes.
Very kind of you
to step in this year. Naila.
Tahira.
don't get offended...
Is everything okay at home?
- Yes. Why?
- Oh. nothing.
Just because today...
I was looking at Shah and I felt...
I worry for him.
For all of you.
It's so much pressure.
That's very kind of you to worry. Naila.
- But I'm--
- I see a bit of your sister in him.
Does Shahjehan
have someone he can talk to?
He has me.
Ruqaya had you too.
but she needed more help. na?
Look at Ainy. poor girl...
She doesn't know anything--
Naila. please.
It's all good.
My son is going to be the next James Bond.
- We all couldn't be more proud.
- Mmm.
Times
have changed. Tahira...
It's okay to talk about
these struggles now. Really.
Thank you. It's all good.
It's first class.
- Is this true. Parvez?
- Hmm...
Well. all that time in Hollywood...
Shah. we need that apology.
We're running out of time.
I've literally written it out for you.
Just find a quiet. neutral room.
record it and send it back now!
Before it's too fucking late! Okay?
Fuck's sake.
Am I interrupting something?
Yeah.
A conversation.
Can you fucking close the door. please?
Thank you.
Is this. like... Are you two. um--
- I like her.
- We've been texting.
- Texting? Wow.
- So. wait. how long's this been going on?
- Three months.
- Six months. Three months?
Okay. so this is nothing?
Can we please not do this
in front of Shah?
- I'm chill. I'm not gonna tell anyone--
- Why'd I come here?
- Can we not do this in front of Shah?
- I came here for you.
But I never asked you to. did I?
- But I asked me to--
- But I never-- Calm down.
I never fucking asked you to.
And this whole thing you're doing here.
this is what I'm talking about.
- This is the whole problem.
- So you didn't come here to see Zulfi
- for the thing?
- No. Yes.
Does he know. by the way?
- Oh. for fuck's sake!
- No. I'm not--
Well. yeah.
he's gonna find out now. isn't he?
I'm not gonna say anything.
I've got your back. I've got your back.
Look. we don't have to
tell anyone.
But let's just be real about what this is
because this is something. right?
- Me and you both know it--
- What does that even mean. bro?
You live a million miles away. okay?
You have a whole life.
You have fucking house keys. car key...
So many keys!
Okay? I have one key.
I can give you keys.
I don't want your keys. okay? I want mine.
Yo. can I just step in here for a minute?
Offer maybe a different perspective
from my own more mature experience. yeah?
I want an honest answer
from both of you. okay?
- All right?
- All right.
Now. let's say...
Let's say you've been texting.
There's some emotional ambiguity
about where you both stand.
- All right? Yeah? You can relate. right?
- Mmm.
You send her a message. a heartfelt one.
Instead of it going green. it goes grey.
What does that mean to you?
- It means you're blocked.
- Blocked.
- Fuck off. Really?
- Yeah.
- Let me just show you this.
- Okay. I'm gonna ask you to leave now.
- Can I show you this quickly?
- No. no. no. Oi.
Don't say anything to anyone.
I'm chill.
Salim. yeah.
He's not fuckin' chill.
Er. with Saeed gone.
who will lead the prayer?
- Pasha?
- Okay.
Oh. he recites beautifully.
but I think. er. I should lead.
- How will you? Seated?
- I won't be seated.
- Parvez Bhai. think about it.
- So true.
Let someone else lead.
Listen. you asswipes.
I can run circles around you idiots.
I will lead.
"By so desperately pursuing
the role of Bond.
an icon of the white establishment.
Shah Latif is exchanging his political art
for vanilla distraction."
"And so he joins a long line of Brown men
who think that. by becoming our oppressor.
he's somehow liberating all of us.
"And he puts a filter on his IMDb pic
to look more white."
Come on.
Hey! Shah Latif. here.
I was involved in an incident last night
at the King's Museum
that was both unfortunate and avoidable.
and I'm deeply sorry.
Fucking pathetic!
Shah Latif. here.
Last night at the King's Museum. I...
fucked up a guy running at me
with a metal object.
and apparently.
I'm the one who has to apologise!
Hi! Shah Latif here.
Literally nothing to apologise for.
Trying to save my career and my life.
So fuck you and your little TikTok.
you little cu--
Hello?
Yeah. hi. Is this Sid?
Er. yeah. Hi?
Hi. This is Shah Latif.
- Is it? What. actually?
- Yeah. it is. actually.
Can-- Bro. I just wanna say...
I am so. so sorry
for what happened yesterday.
No excuses. I was bang out of order.
I just don't know what came over me.
I really hope you can find it
in... in... in your heart
- to please forgive me.
- Yo.
I appreciate this. man. Like. I really do.
I was gonna call my lawyers. erm.
but then. the fact you called. man.
Oh. bro. it's been...
It's been eatin' me up the whole day!
I can't tell you how much
this means. man. Legit.
Well--
Do you mind just sending me
what you just said?
Like. in a recording?
- Sorry?
- I need the engagement. bro.
Right. I mean. I--
- I guess so.
- Nice. man. Appreciate it.
All right.
Oh. and thanks for the follow. mate.
Just remember. keep the vid under 90
for the algorithm. yeah?
Mmm-hmm. I will do.
All right. Safe. Safe.
- Parvez.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa... Baba?
- Excuse me. please?
- Baba? You all right?
- Yeah.
- What happened?
- He fell. Move!
What? Why wasn't he praying
on a chair already?
- Shush.
- Wanna sit down?
- Yeah.
- Come.
- Easy.
- Baba. how's your breathing? Okay?
You okay? Huh?
- Why didn't you sit him down?
- Now you wanna be involved?
What the fuck's that supposed to mean?
I'm doing something inside--
Yeah. for yourself. Don't come at me.
You always fucking wanna be the hero
and you're never around.
Be quiet. Zulfi.
Quiet. kid.
- All right. calm down. Huh?
- Zulfi.
Baba? You okay?
- Is anyone getting any water?
- Yeah--
Uncle. do you wanna get a blanket
or something?
What? Are you good. bro?
Bro. are you good?
- What's going on?
- Are you dumb?
He's a fucking diabetic
and you're giving him boxes of sweets.
Well done. son!
Shall I just
fuck off again. yeah?
You're better when I'm not around.
that's what you're saying?
No. no. what?
He's not my dad. he's your dad.
- Shaju. Shaju.
- What?
- You think you're a fucking bad man. yeah?
- How?
Fucking. "Yeah. my people this. my--"
How the fuck you gonna help your people
if you're too busy
sucking white people's dicks?
Zulfi!
It's okay.
He's just crying about last night. bro.
"You came here to take care of me?"
You came for a free fucking meal. bro.
I saw you giving out your business cards
like some sweaty little minicab driver.
- Allow it. bro. Come on.
- He's a leech...
Tell the truth.
You been leeching off me my whole life!
Only now. you're trying
to leech off this dickhead!
Bro. he doesn't care
about your shitty ideas.
He's trying to chirps your little sister.
- What?
- Only chirpsing.
- I love her!
- All right! What the fuck. man?
Are you fucking... Are you mad?
Listen. don't listen to him.
He's lost the fucking plot.
He's been chatting
to a pig's head in the freezer.
- What? What freezer?
- In the garage. he's been talking to it.
- Are you talking to a pig's head?
- What if I have?
- What?
Better listener than any of you lot.
That's what happens
when you're related to you guys!
I'm not the first family member
to lose my mind.
- Oi! Enough!
- Shaju!
Get out!
Ask everyone's forgiveness.
Why are you saying...
Get out ...to me?
- Shaju.
- No. no! I'm asking.
why is he saying that to me?
Baba. what did I do? What did I do?
I'm trying to fucking make a difference.
I'm not just sat there.
fucking complaining about everything.
while you lot all judge me!
Huh? Why you fucking touching me?
Don't touch me!
I'm trying to change the world! All right?
So everyone doesn't look at you
and think you're some fucking
worthless. stinking. bitter. Paki!
Get the fuck out of here
before I spark you--
Oh. I'm the problem. am I? She blames you
for what happened to your mum. bro.
Shaju!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm